hey guys it's Drac on every day alchemy
you can see here that I just got a
package in from Star City games I've
honestly forgotten what I ordered I have
a vague idea of what I bought because
some people at my local card shop told
me that I needed a binder for trade
stuff and something else that eludes me
anyway I placed the Star City games
order shipping took forever despite them
using priority because there were some
hiccups with their ordering system so
i'm going to unbox it and kind of see
what i got in from them this is my first
Star City games order so I had to make
an account with them apparently all
things magic are supposed to flow
through this company which is a little
confusing to me I don't know why one
company has such huge market dominance I
guess it's similar to nerf and busby but
in my mind Wizards is like nerf okay so
that's my order sheet you guys don't
need to see that then inside there's a
ton of packing peanuts looks like I got
some sleeves with vampires on them which
is cool I think those were the stars to
the games version then I got more
sleeves with sorin markov on them which
is what i wanted cuz he is my favorite
planeswalker thus far I also got a sorin
markov desk box which is cool i can put
my standard deck in that and then this
on the bottom has to be my trade binder
and it is it is a sorin markov ultrapro
trade binder and it's got both versions
of his art from dark ascension very cool
I think I'm going to take that into the
package now it is a 9 pocket portfolio
which means I think that they're nine
spaces and that's exactly what it is
very cool i guess i can now trade cards
in a much easier fashion so thanks for
watching